Prologue
==========

Two weeks earlier
--------------------

The first time I met Chloe, it was when I moved from another town,
just when I was carrying my boxes. There wasn't a lot of people to
help me: only Carmen, my old vampire friend, and her friend Emily. I
didn't know much about Emily, only that she was an undead too. She
didn't even bother to talk to me, so I didn't have an opportunity to
learn more about her. Yeah, it was such a friendly atmosphere. I am
not complaining, though: having two vampires helping you when you have
to move stuff is a bit restricting when it comes to the timetable,
with their sun allergy and all that, but the upside is you can let
them carry your washing machine or your fridge.

So I was moving a light box of clothes towards the elevator while the
two undeads were using their supernaturalness to move my couch three
floors upstairs without having to break a sweat. The elevator doors
opened and I saw an imposing skinhead women with shord blond hair. I
know, "short hair" is a bit redundant with "skinhead", but I'm
clarifying just in case. She was wearing skin-tight blue-jeans that
highlighted her chubby thighs, with suspenders that went above a
checked shirt.

Even if the box I was carrying was quite light, I suddenly had the
impression it was getting hotter.

"Hi!", I said, trying to hide my enthusiasm. "I'm just moving here, I
suppose we are going to be neighbors? My name's Jessie!"

The girl looked at me with half-opened eyes. She seemed quite dozy. I
deduced that she had just woken up and was leaving to work. *Right*,
I also deduced that from the early hour: the sun hadn't set yet, and
it was around six o'clock. 

She was a werewolf. I could feel it. It was a bit like a sixth
sense. I also have some quite special capacities myself, though I
seldom use them. I was a witchcraft student, even if I dropped early
because there was too much bullshit with plants and I didn't like the
fashion style of most of my classmates. Beside, nowadays, there are a
lot of vegans among witches, so I felt a bit incongruous, with my
leather skirts or pants.

By the way, my name is Jessica, but everybody calls me Jessie. I have
dark and long hair, and most people tend to think I'm tall since I'm
5'11, though personally I consider that *they* are the ones that are
short. To conclude on my physical appearance, I'm quite fit and
athletic, and I have some complex about my breasts, that I find too
small, which is why I compensate with 
reinforced bras.

Usually, I make some efforts to be somewhat good-looking. I like to
dress with some class: some leather pants or a sexy mini-skirt; I also
usually try to make myself up and to to do my hair a bit; this sort of
stuff. Except, this day I was moving my stuff, so I was just wearing
some old blue-jeans, a crappy holey tee-shirt, and I probably had the
shitface of someone who has just driven for six hours before carrying
boxes.

It wasn't exactly the ideal conditions to make a good impression on my
neighbor.

"I'm Chloe", she said with a slight irish accent.

Then she left without looking at me. I was disappointed. I sighed and
pushed the box in the elevator, and I prayed that my new neighbor was
a dyke and not a nazi skinhead. I wasn't that afraid, though: despite
their name, straight skinhead girls tend to have a bit more hair. 

I learned a few days later that God had fulfilled my prayers: I heard
anarchist songs coming from her flat, some evening she had invited a few
friends to her place. Right, maybe it wasn't God, since anarchists
usually don't like Him that much, but you see what IÂ mean.
